docs: migrate code generation and message validation tutorials to use Glee (#2317)
asyncapi/website: pages/docs/tutorials/generate-code.md

## Introduction

> In this tutorial, you'll learn how to generate code from your AsyncAPI document using [Glee](https://github.com/asyncapi/glee).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you'll learn how to generate an application that uses [Glee](https://github.com/asyncapi/glee) framework. You'll do it with AsyncAPI document and [AsyncAPI CLI](/tools/cli).
```

## Background context

> [Glee](https://github.com/asyncapi/glee) is a TS/JS framework that enables you to create APIs and messaging clients based on the AsyncAPI document. Instead of generating code, this framework tightly integrates with your AsyncAPI document and binds functions to specific
> AsyncAPI operations. You only have to provide the code for these functions and Glee will take care of the rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Glee](https://github.com/asyncapi/glee) is a TS/JS framework that enables you to create APIs and messaging clients based on the AsyncAPI document. Instead of generating code, this framework tightly integrates with your AsyncAPI document and binds functions to specific AsyncAPI operations. You only have to provide the code for these functions and Glee will take care of the rest.
```

> Glee is often used with the [AsyncAPI CLI](/tools/cli) for a better development experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Glee is often used with the [AsyncAPI CLI](/tools/cli) for a better development experience.

In the previous tutorial, you created an AsyncAPI document that is used in this tutorial.

<Remember>

If you did not follow the previous tutorial and do not have an `asyncapi.yaml` file for overview, then generate one by running the following command using AsyncAPI CLI: 
`asyncapi new --example=tutorial.yml --no-tty`.

</Remember>
```

☝🏼 will work once we merge https://github.com/asyncapi/cli/pull/888 before release

## Introduction

> In this tutorial, you'll learn how to generate an application that uses [Glee](https://github.com/asyncapi/glee) framework. You'll do it with AsyncAPI document and [AsyncAPI CLI](/tools/cli).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you'll learn how to generate an application that uses the [Glee](https://github.com/asyncapi/glee) framework. You'll do it with an AsyncAPI document and the [AsyncAPI CLI](/tools/cli).
```

## Background context

> [Glee](https://github.com/asyncapi/glee) is a TS/JS framework that enables you to create APIs and messaging clients based on the AsyncAPI document. Instead of generating code, this framework tightly integrates with your AsyncAPI document and binds functions to specific AsyncAPI operations. You only have to provide the code for these functions and Glee will take care of the rest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Glee](https://github.com/asyncapi/glee) is a TypeScript/JavaScript framework that enables you to create APIs and messaging clients based on your AsyncAPI document. Instead of generating code, this framework tightly integrates with your AsyncAPI document and binds functions to specific AsyncAPI operations. You only have to provide the code for these functions and Glee handles the rest.
```

Glee is often used with the [AsyncAPI CLI](/tools/cli) for a better development experience.

In the previous tutorial, you created an AsyncAPI document that is used in this tutorial.

<Remember>

> If you did not follow the previous tutorial and do not have an `asyncapi.yaml` file for overview, then generate one by running the following command using AsyncAPI CLI: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you did not follow the previous tutorial and do not have an `asyncapi.yaml` file for overview, then generate one by running the following command using the AsyncAPI CLI: 
```

<CliInstallation/>

## Create a Glee project

1. Trigger the creation of the Glee project:
    <CodeBlock language="bash">
    {`asyncapi new glee --name=tutorial --template tutorial`}
    </CodeBlock>

    Let's break down the previous command:
    - `asyncapi new glee` is how you use Glee via the AsyncAPI CLI. 
    - `--name=tutorial` is how you tell the AsyncAPI CLI to name your new Glee project. 

>     - `--template=tutorial` is how you tell the AsyncAPI CLI to use the template of a Glee project that was created especifically for this tutorial. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `--template=tutorial` is how you tell the AsyncAPI CLI to use the template of a Glee project that was created specifically for this tutorial. 
```

> 2. List all files in directory and check that the Glee project is created:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. List all files in the directory and confirm your Glee project creation:
```

3. Go back to the previous terminal to check if your application logged the streetlight condition you just sent. You should see something like this displayed in the terminal:
    <CodeBlock language="bash">

>     {`lightMeasured was received from mosquitto:

Reviewer: doesn't look like https://github.com/asyncapi/glee/issues/581 will be solved soon so you need to update instruction in step 2, to send test message to topic `lightMeasured` and not `light/measured`

Author: I don't think so. https://github.com/asyncapi/glee/pull/582 will most likely done this week. Leave it on me 👍

Reviewer: awesome!

Author: done 👍

>     {`lightMeasured was received from mosquitto:
>     { id: 1, lumens: 3, sentAt: '2017-06-07T12:34:32.000Z' }`}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {`lightMeasured was received from mosquitto:
    { id: 1, lumens: 3, sentAt: '2017-06-07T12:34:32.000Z' }
    Streetlight with id "1" updated its lighting information to 3 lumens at 2017-06-07T12:34:32.000Z.`}
```
